[Paul] Lady Valkyrie died trying to save
all the prisoners on Sun Jewel.
Sacrificed herself.
[emotional music playing]
[Homura] Shiki…
I might not be able to…
ever recover from the loss of her.
[Shiki] You know, Homura?
That's fine for now.
I may not be able to…
I just can't…
[glass shatters]
[gasps]
Which of one you jerkwads
is Madame Kurenai?!
Who's asking?
I'm bringing you
to the labor district to see Homura.
I'm sorry, but your plan
isn't going to work for me.
Unfortunately, I'm not at all
interested in having a daughter.
[thud]
You're coming with me.
First I'll knock some sense into you!
[dramatic music playing]
This power.
Don't take this brat too lightly,
he uses Ether Gear.
You've got to be joking.
Isn't Ether Gear the magic power
that Drakken Joe messes with?
What shall we do with the Crimson Eye?
Do I proceed as planned?
It's better to be safe than sorry.
Now run along.
[angry grunt]
Punishers! Come forth
and enact divine retribution!
[ominous music playing]
["FOREVER" by L'Arc-en-Ciel playing]
UNTIL THE DAY IT TURNS TO STRENGTH
[Kurenai Deliver divine retribution
to this scoundrel!
I want him dyed crimson!
[war cries]
Magimech Attack…
Gravity Wave!
What's the meaning of this?
-I'm getting sucked in over here!
-[grunts]
[screaming]
[yelling]
[groaning]
[punishers scream]
[grunting]
He was able to wipe out
all the Punishers in one move?
[gasps]
[yells]
What--?
[grunts]
Not so fast!
-[electricity crackling]
-[screams]
[grunts]
-[grunts]
-[groans]
Move outta the way!
I can't, it's like
I'm falling towards you!
[groans]
[grunts]
Oh, crap!
[Garrot] Madame Kurenai!
Nobody makes Homura cry
and gets away with it!
[loud bang]
Only the weak waste their time with tears.
Winners will continue to laugh
in the face of sorrow.
[Shiki] Is that all you have to say
after crushing your own daughter's heart?!
[gasps]
[Shiki] If crying is weakness,
then I guess you're right.
We are weak.
But as long as we continue to fight
for each other's tears,
we'll always be stronger
than a coward like you!
[Yak] What?!
You let that dopey kid
go to Madame Kurenai's
without a plan or anything?
That wimp passed out
from just looking at bugs.
Why didn't you tell us this earlier?
I knew of no such thing
up until this very moment.
Shiki is pretty strong, you know.
[Paul] As a fellow Ether Gear user,
I could sense that boy's true strength.
His Ether levels are anything but normal.
He's stronger than every one of us here.
That doesn't mean we should let the kid
fight Madame Kurenai alone!
We have to prepare our rebellion now!
-[Van] We're attacking!
-[war cries]
[Yak] Let's go!
[determined grunt]
[gasp]
Rebecca, wait!
[Rebecca] Homura!
[panting]
I just heard that Shiki went off
on his own to attack Madame Kurenai.
[panting]
We should help him.
[gasps softly]
Oh…
I look forward to meeting Teacher!
[Homura] I'll find Teacher!
I'll find her no matter what!
I'll do whatever it takes to get to her,
there's something I need to tell her!
[Rebecca] Homura.
Were you able to tell her?
Did she hear you?
[gasps]
[poignant music playing]
[Rebecca] Just tell her
how you really feel,
in the same Homura way
that you always speak your mind.
If you do, I promise that she'll hear you.
[gasps softly]
[alarm blaring]
Madame Kurenai, we have an emergency!
[grunt]
What's going on?
-[beeping]
-[rustling]
[ward] It's the Crimson Eye!
I don't know how
something like this happened but,
it's been hacked by someone!
Hmm?
[Kurenai] Impossible! By who?!
I have no idea
but the entire system is down!
Someone has taken
complete control of it from us!
It can't be!
She really has become a crass old lady.
Almost makes me miss the old days,
when she would drop to her knees
begging me for money.
[underling] We now have complete control
over the Satellite Blaze system.
This is interest for your debt, lady.
No hard feelings.
Finally, Crimson Eye
Satellite Blaze is ours.
It's a giant tracking laser cannon.
Well, I'm eager to see
what this toy can do.
This single device can detect
and destroy a target nearly instantly.
I wouldn't really call that a toy.
You're planning on using it
to find Edens Zero, aren't you?
[Drakken Joe] Not anymore.
I have a different use
for the Satellite Blaze now.
What? You went through all that trouble,
and now you're not gonna find the ship?
[inhales]
I don't need to try and find it anymore.
Coincidence is a funny thing, isn't it?
[Drakken Joe] As it turns out,
-the Edens Zero is nearby.
-[gasps]
Distance, 7,500,
and Direction, three o'clock.
[beeping]
So, that's the Edens Zero, huh?
It's a lot smaller than I thought.
Only because most ships
pale in comparison to our Belial Goer.
[Maria] Well,
how do you plan on stealing it?
[snickers]
The best way there is.
With our bare hands.
[trembling]
Drakken Joe…
So that's how it is?
If you want a war, then you've got one.
I'll just have to eradicate the labor camp
and Drakken Joe all at once.
Ward, Deploy the Kurenai Dragoon now!
But it hasn't finished debugging yet!
It's current state isn't suitable for use!
[Kurenai] It just needs to move!
Send it out !
Yes, Ma'am!
[suspenseful music playing]
[Kurenai] Zaiten Three! Do everything
in your power to destroy the labor camp!
-You got it.
-Understood.
I'm not sure that decision
sits right with me.
Nino!
Forgive me. Yes, ma'am.
What about all those people
still in the camp?!
I will massacre anyone
foolish enough to oppose me.
Homura is still there with all my friends!
I can't think of a more perfect scenario!
I'll get to eliminate them all together!
You monster!
[rumbling]
[loud  thud]
[sinister music playing]
[gasps]
Wha--?
[Shiki] What is that huge thing?!
[Kurenai] Knight Gear, Kurenai Dragoon!
On board!
After I'm done taking care of you,
I'll pay Drakken Joe a personal visit.
[gasps]
[crash]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[crash]
-[man 1] A Knight Gear attacked the city!
-[man 2] Everybody run!
Bear witness to the ultimate
combination of power and mobility!
Allow me to introduce the planet's
most powerful Knight Gear,
the Kurenai Dragoon!
[sinister music continues]
[yelling]
[clang]
Are you really stupid enough
to think your fist would work
on a state-of-the-art
Knight Gear like this?
[groans]
[explosions]
The Punishers are already
launching their attack.
Well, so much for our ambush
having the element of surprise.
Let's make them regret ever coming here!
[all] Yeah!
We dedicate this battle to Lady Valkyrie!
One plus two equals…
One million power!
Huh? Isn't it three?
-Uh…
-Calculations say one plus two is three.
We should help them fight!
-Okay!
-My EMP has finished charging!
Hmm!
You all take the punishers!
I'll go protect Homura!
-[rapid gunfire]
-[indistinct yelling]
[bullets ricocheting]
[thrilling music playing]
[yelling]
[rapid gunfire]
Four enemy units are down!
[Rebecca] That was too easy.
Don't they have Ether coating?
It seems their armor is strong
against real bullets,
but their Ether resistance
is actually quite low.
[Rebecca] Well then.
Our Happy Blasters
should be super effective!
[rapid gunfire]
[explosion]
That girl's stronger than she looks!
I can't say I'm surprised.
She is a friend of Lady Valkyrie's
number one pupil.
Not to mention she was able
to take down Black Rock.
[all] Say what?!
[gasps]
High-energy reading now approaching!
[blast]
-[explosion]
-[screaming]
-[gasps]
-What is that?
[Van] It's… him.
[Yak] The super-fast axe-wielder.
[Eger] One of the Zaiten Three.
Fuzaiten Baku, Ax of Heaven.
The Zaiten Three?
[Baku] Didn't anyone tell you
rebellion is bad?
You all made Madame Kurenai angry.
And if she's angry then I'm angry!
[screaming]
-[clang]
-[screaming]
[screaming]
-[gasps]
-[grunting]
[gasps]
[clang]
[sighs]
[gasps]
[man] There's no need to be afraid,
young lady, because I am here.
Weisz, you made it!
[grunts]
[brooding choral music plays]
No…
My name is Arsenal!
A steel warrior enveloped
by deadly weapons!
No, you're just Weisz.
Weisz's voice detected.
[Weisz] Let me have this.
[thrilling music playing]
-[grunts]
-[rapid gunfire]
[panting]
[gunfire]
[crazed laugh]
[rapid gunfire]
[grunts]
[whooshing]
[gasps]
[mechanism creaking]
[loud crash]
[seething]
[rapid gunfire]
[panting]
-[grunts]
-[gunfire]
[explosion]
[gunfire continues]
Quit firing in the middle of the city!
You're gonna hurt someone!
[laughs] Too bad!
[gunfire]
[creaking
[screaming]
[grunts]
[humming]
[straining grunt]
[crash]
So, this is the Gravity Ether Gear
I've heard so much about.
Show me more!
[gasps]
[thud]
[grunts]
Let's see how that little
gravity trick of yours
fares against being crushed to death!
[straining]
[gasping]
So is this the weapon
you were working on with Hermit?
-A weaponized battle suit?
-I am Arsenal.
I still detect Weisz's voice.
Shall I run identity verification?
[Weisz] I'd rather you not.
Because a true hero
never reveals their identity.
[Rebecca] What?
You're supposed to be a hero?
Alright, we'll play along, Weisz-man!
It's Arsenal, damn it!
Thank you for saving us, Arsenal!
What could we ever do to repay you?
Well, since you asked,
you could put on that skimpy
maid outfit from the Dress Factory.
Hero my ass, pervert!
What is happening right now?
[Weisz] Stop right there,
uh, Monster Baron Lion!
Did he just give me
an off-brand villain name?
For the sake of love… and justice!
I shall vanquish all evildoers!
I am the universe's
only hope for salvation!
[scared cry]
Attacking while I'm monologuing
is against the rules, asshole!
Hmm… Sorry, I'm still
not sure what's going on here.
But I do know one thing.
Madame Kurenai gave me one order
to carry out here in the labor camp.
Enact Divine Retribution
to the rebel army.
Well that's a load of nonsense!
I too have an order to follow.
No matter what I do,
I can't get through to Rebecca's phone.
What's up with this janky-ass planet, huh?
It's always Rebecca this, Rebecca that.
So who's more important then?
Me or Rebecca, huh?!
Rebecca is.
[inhales] Next time, at least
pretend like it's a hard decision.
Then try being as cute as her.
Look, I even have Rebecca as my wallpaper.
Isn't that something?
Anyone else getting hot in here?
-[Hermit] I'm finished!
-Huh?
It's a special armament
exoskeleton weapon,
that amplifies your Ether Gear!
[Hermit] The Arsenal Suit Mark I.
You can use this bracelet
to activate and de-activate the armor.
[Weisz] Sweet!
-[thud]
-Hmm?
You've got one order, Weisz.
Bring everyone back here safely.
-Got it!
-[groans]
[grunts]
Vise Cannon!
[rapid gunfire]
Wait a second! Did I see that right?
Did he just customize the suit
with Machina Maker?
Drum Buster!
[blast]
[explosion]
Incredible!
You're pretty fast
for someone your size, Baron Lion.
You won't find anyone
faster than me, Arsenal.
[beeping]
I wouldn't be so sure about that, villain.
[grunts]
Whirlwind!
Sonic Wave!
Hmm?
Ether Coating. It's pretty convenient.
[yelling]
-[clang]
-[growls]
That won't work-- Argh!
[automated voice]
Ether capacity rapidly depleting.
Ten percent remaining.
What?
Arsenal systems
will shut down in 30 seconds.
Wait, hold on a second!
[automated voice] 27, 26, 25…
[yelling]
[grunts]
What a piece of crap!
So much for having a decent
projected rate of Ether consumption.
[loud clang]
What happened?
His movement is sluggish now.
Sub-optimal performance detected.
Great! Looks like I have
a lot of modifications to make.
-Systems shutting down in 10 seconds.
-[clang]
Ten seconds is more than enough time
to deal with the likes of you!
[grunting]
[low growling]
Divine retribution!
Hmm?
[electricity crackling]
What's he doing?
His heat energy is rising!
[whirring]
[intense music playing]
Thank you for becoming the first
stepping stone to Arsenal's legend!
[blast]
[Weisz] My heroic origin story
begins with this!
[explosion]
[Weisz] Metallica Explosion!
METALLICA EXPLOSION
[screaming]
[beeping]
[automated voice]
Zero percent Ether remaining.
Arsenal system now commencing shut down.
He bested Zaiten Three's Baku.
[both] Who is this masked hero?!
He did it! [giggles]
[exhales]
[Rebecca] Nice job!
That was awesome, professor Weisz!
[Weisz] Crap! She knows my identity!
I promise your secret's safe with me.
[Weisz] Anyway, where's Shiki and Homura?
[gasps] Put some clothes on you weirdo!
Hmm?
Shit! I forgot!
I never accounted for a scenario
where Arsenal came off!
Why are you such a pervert?!
-[Happy] Uh…
-The legend of Arsenal has begun!
["Sekai no Himitsu" by Sayuri playing]
TAKING UP THE TORCH